You want me to marry your fiancee in your place?
Do you know what you're asking me?
This is your fiance.
Well, just pretend to be me for a month,
and I'll be right back, I promise.
Pretty sure your fiancee will figure it out.
It's an arranged marriage.
We've only met once.
And everybody's been saying that we look alike,
so just register the marriage and pretend to be me.
It should be hard.
Just for the registration.
All right. All right. I'll do this favor.
No questions asked.
Thank you, thank you, thank you,
thank you, Chloe, my husband's friend.
Just like a sunflower would never turn its back to the sunshine,
the sunshine will always shine on her flower.
It's him. How is this possible?
Who you marry me?